internal: Ensure studio/protocol is re-initialized any time test is run (#32349)
cypress-io/cypress: cli/CHANGELOG.md

**Bugfixes:**

- Fixed an issue where the open Studio button would incorrectly show for component tests. Addressed in [#32315](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/32315).

> - Fixed an issue where Cypress would crash when Studio was open and the page was refreshed. Addressed in [#32349](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/32349).

Reviewer: Since this is an internal fix, I don't think we need it in the changelog. I updated the PR title as well so the check wouldn't complain.

```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the open Studio button would incorrectly show for component tests. Addressed in [#32315](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/32315).
```

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/32349/commits/70ec3f113834eec0140c05bd8f0c68110926ca4a
